feat: AL2023 AMI family support (#5604)
aws/karpenter-provider-aws: website/content/en/preview/concepts/nodeclasses.md

On AL2, Karpenter automatically configures the disks through an additional boostrap argument (`--local-disks raid0`). The device name is `/dev/md/0` and its mount point is `/mnt/k8s-disks/0`. You should ensure any additional disk setup does not interfere with these.	

### AL2023

> On AL2023, local disks are configured as raid0 by default, regardless of this field's value. Like AL2, the device name is `dev/md/0` and its mount point is `/mnt/k8s-disks/0`. You should ensure any additional disk setup does not interfere with these.

Reviewer: If this is the case, this changes our ephemeral storage calculation that we send back from the GetInstanceTypes() call. We should change that. Additionally, if this is the case, is this disable-able? If it's not, is it sensical to be able to set the instanceStorePolicy here?

Author: I don't believe it's configurable but I'll follow up with the AMI folks to verify. If it isn't it wouldn't make sense to set one way or another, that's why I mentioned that it is raid0 by default regardless of this fields value. Maybe that could be more emphasized.

Author: Were you asking if we should enforce that a user can't set the instanceStorePolicy when using AL2023? I still have to check and ensure that this is not configurable but otherwise I think it would be reasonable to enforce this through a CEL validation. The only counter point I think I have is that a user could theoretically do something via custom user data even if the knob is not explicitly surfaced through the AMI.

Author: Resolved, instance store policy is now surfaced by the AL2023 AMI, behavior will now match AL2.

```
{{% /alert %}}

> ### AL2023

Reviewer 2: We should to mention AL2023 in `spec.amiFamily` section

* Karpenter will transform your custom UserData as a MIME part, if necessary, and then merge a generated MIME part to the **beginning** of the the generated MIME multi part archive. Since `nodeadm`, the bootstrap for the AL2023 EKS optimized AMI, merges NodeConfig objects from top to bottom any fields specified in the custom UserData will override Karpenter generated fields. Take caution when overriding these fields, misconfiguration can result in Nodes being unable to connect to your cluster.

#### Passed-in UserData (NodeConfig)

```yaml
apiVersion: node.eks.aws/v1alpha1
kind: NodeConfig
spec:
  kubelet:
    config:
      maxPods: 42
```

#### Passed-in UserData (Bash)

```shell
#!/bin/bash
echo "Hello, AL2023!"
```

#### Passed-in UserData (MIME)

```shell
MIME-Version: 1.0
Content-Type: multipart/mixed; boundary="//"

--//
Content-Type: application/node.eks.aws

apiVersion: node.eks.aws/v1alpha1
kind: NodeConfig
spec:
  kubelet:
    config:
      maxPods: 42
--//
Content-Type: text/x-shellscript; charset="us-ascii"

#!/bin/bash
echo "Hello, AL2023!"
--//
```

> #### Merged UserData

Reviewer: Considering you gave three examples above, I'm not quite sure I get why there is only one merged section in the docs

Reviewer: I'd personally do: An example of what the passed in data is followed by the merged result. You can section them out and do it 3 times. FWIW, I find the AL2 example also confusing.

```
{{% /alert %}}

### AL2023

> * Your UserData may be in one of three formats: a [MIME multi part archive](https://cloudinit.readthedocs.io/en/latest/topics/format.html#mime-multi-part-archive), a NodeConfig YAML / JSON string, or a shell script.

Reviewer: nit: If we are making a list here, should this list be offset and numbered or bulleted?

Author: This was another case of following the precedent set by the other AMI families, if I were writing it in a vacuum it probably wouldn't be a list at all.

> * Karpenter will transform your custom UserData as a MIME part, if necessary, and then merge a generated MIME part to the **beginning** of the the generated MIME multi part archive. Since `nodeadm`, the bootstrap for the AL2023 EKS optimized AMI, merges NodeConfig objects from top to bottom any fields specified in the custom UserData will override Karpenter generated fields. Take caution when overriding these fields, misconfiguration can result in Nodes being unable to connect to your cluster.

Reviewer: I think this first sentence is a little confusing. Is there a way to bring a bit more clarity to what you are meaning here.

Author: Agreed, could definitely be better. Thoughts on this?
> Karpenter will transform your custom UserData into a MIME part, if necessary, and then create a MIME multi-part archive. This archive will consist of a generated NodeConfig, containing Karpenter's default values, followed by the custom UserData. For more information on how this UserData is handled by the AMI, refer to (link to nodeadm docs).

> * Karpenter will transform your custom UserData as a MIME part, if necessary, and then merge a generated MIME part to the **beginning** of the the generated MIME multi part archive. Since `nodeadm`, the bootstrap for the AL2023 EKS optimized AMI, merges NodeConfig objects from top to bottom any fields specified in the custom UserData will override Karpenter generated fields. Take caution when overriding these fields, misconfiguration can result in Nodes being unable to connect to your cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Karpenter will transform your custom UserData as a MIME part, if necessary, and then merge a generated MIME part to the **beginning** of the the generated MIME multi part archive. Since the AL2023 bootstrap logic merges NodeConfig objects from top to bottom, any fields specified in the custom UserData will override Karpenter-generated fields. Take caution when overriding these fields, misconfiguration can result in Nodes being unable to connect to your cluster.
```

I think you can reduce the wordiness this way. Also, users probably don't care that the internal script is called `nodeadm`
